Something's in the...
Something's in the air right now
Like I'm losing track of time
Like I don't really care right now
But maybe that's fine
You weren't even there that day
I was waiting on you
You you
I wonder if you were aware that day
Was the last straw for me
And I knew
I sent you flowers
Did you even care
You ran the shower
And left them by the stairs
Ooh ooh ooh
Eh eh eh eh
Thought you had your **** together
But damn I was wrong
You ain't nothin but a lost cause
And this ain't nothin'
like it once was
I know you think you're such an outlaw
But you got no job
You ain't nothin'
But a lost cause
And this ain't nothin'
like it once was
I know you think you're such an outlaw
But you got no job
I used to think you were shy
But maybe you just Had
nothin on your mind
Maybe you were thinkin ‘Bout
yourself all the time
I used to wish you were mine
But that was way before I realized
Someone like you Would always
be so easy to find
So easy
Easy
Mmm mmm mmm
Gave me no flowers
Wish I didn't care
You'd be gone for hours
Could be anywhere
Ooh ooh ooh
Ah ah ah ah
Thought you would've grown eventually
But you proved me wrong
You ain't nothing but a lost cause
And this ain't nothing
like it once was
I know you think you're such an outlaw
But you got no job
You ain't nothing but a lost cause
And this ain't nothing
like it once was
I know you think you're such an outlaw
But you got no job
What did I tell you
Don't get complacent
It's time to face it now
Now now now now
What did I tell you
Don't get complacent
It's time to face it now
Now now now now